---
layout: post
title: 'secGAN: Secure Recoverable GAN-based Video Transformation'
date: 2019-10-24 00:00:00 -0000
tags: [papers]
image: whale.jpg
---

Our work, [secGAN: Secure Recoverable GAN-based Video Transformation][paper_link] was accepted for publication in HotEdgeVideo (@MobiCom'19) conference. The conference was held in Los Cabos, Mexico. Due to the failure to make an appointment for a visa, I was not able to report the work on my own. I will introduce this work to you in this blog.

[paper_link]: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WAPVr-hIhzja99CjlKgjn3nXF610P7l-/view?usp=sharing

Los Cabos is a pretty city, and if you go there in December, you can have a chance to see the huge gray whale.

![slide1]

***
### Motivation

![slide2]

Surveillance cameras, IP cameras in particular, have become increasingly popular due to their convenient real-time video delivery to remote destinations. 

The deployment of such cameras is also affordable so that any individual or organization is able to enjoy the benefits brought by the video based surveillance and analytics services.

It is reported that the IP surveillance camera market will exceed 20 billion U.S. dollars by 2024.

![slide3]

However, privacy and psychological concerns rise along with the widespread use of IP cameras. 

People entering areas with deployed cameras may feel a sense of unhappiness and anxiousness especially when recorded on videos that could be potentially stored for long periods and watched by unknown persons.

![slide4]

We believe that visual/video transformation technology is a good solution.

Video transformation have been widely studied by both industry and academia. 

The video/visual transformation has many USEs, such as transfer a photo into monet image, transfer winter into summer, and so on.

***
### Requirements

![slide5]

When we try to deploy the video transformation technology for protection video privacy, some new challenges occurs.
1. The most basic one, video transformation technology can transfer the original video into a target style, such as cartoon or pencil drawing, in short, a style that can meet privacy protection.
2. The transformed video should be restorable. When we find an anomaly event on a privacy-protected video, we need to recover the video to the original one to complete the forensics, such as determining the identity of the suspect.
3. Security. The transformed video should only be restored by an authorized party. Any unauthorized restoration will fail.

None of the current video transformation technologies can meet these three requirements together.

***
### secGAN

![slide6]

In this work, we proposed a security-oriented cycle-consistent GAN, called secGAN. secGAN can meet all above three requirements.

Let's take a look at the figure below, which is the actual work of the secGAN. 

1. The secGAN can successfully transfer the original frame in the video into the target style. The target style here is a cartoon style we designed ourselves. The transformed video can be distributed at will, such as to the public for review, or to a third-party service to perform tasks such as anomaly detection.
2. Only the party authorized by us can restore the cartoon-style video to the original video. 
3. At the same time, any unauthorized restores will not succeed. Unauthorized parties here are, for example, deep neural networks with more powerful computing resources, or people who are fully aware of our training set and training settings. 
 
We will discuss the unauthorized party in detail later.

![slide7]

In a word, secGAN does two things simultaneously, a uniﬁed translation style and a unique steganography.

The unified translation style means that All secGANs are trained with the same dataset, and all secGANs produce videos in a consistent style. 

This means that the video produced by secGAN is visually consistent, which makes the transformed video have many excellent properties, such as cross-camera tracking and re-identification in the surveillance scenario.

The second thing is a unique steganography, secGAN introduces a unique training input, which is a secret key. The key will be concealed into the transformed videos. Diﬀerent keys will guide secGANs to learn diﬀerent transformation methods, respectively. 

This feature is very important, such as unauthorized people can not train a model to restore other people's transformed video as long as secret keys of other people are secured.

In the following, I’ll show you how we do the second thing without aﬀecting the first thing, which seems contradictory at first glance.

![slide8]

The unified transformation style is completed by introducing a pairwise dataset and a cycle-consistent loss. The pairwise dataset consists of the original dataset and the target-style dataset. 

We can set different target styles to complete different transformation tasks, such as cartoonization, generating stick figures, and so on. 

The cycle-consistent loss has achieved great success in video transformation technology, such as the famous cycleGAN, dualGAN and so on. 

We introduced guide secGAN to learn to restore images by adding a cycle-consistent loss to the original input and restored results of secGAN.

The unique steganography is completed by introducing a secret key, which is attached to the training data as an alpha layer. The introduction of the key strongly guarantees the security of transformation. 

The experiment proves that the key will be feed into the network together with the original image as a watermark and be hidden into the transformed result. 

This hidden process of the key actually affects the entire video transformation process.

![slide9]

To the best of our knowledge, we are the <span style="color:red">**first to introduce a key mechanism into visual transformation**</span>. 

Different key will guide secGANs to learn different transformation methods.

This key introduced in secGAN is a two-dimensional matrix with the same width and height as the X-domain image. 

Each variable in the matrix is randomly set in the range from 0 to 255, so this key can be considered as an additional channel of digital watermark attached to a 3-channel RGB image. 

Please note that each secGAN only needs to pick this secret key once for the whole training. 

In the training stage of secGAN for one transformation, each of the training data in the domain X adopts the device’s secret key as the fourth-channel watermark.

![slide10]
This is the design of the secGAN. It has two adversarial losses and a cycle-consistent loss.

We say that the original image belongs to the x domain, and the target style image belongs to the y domain.

The encoder and decoder are two generators of the secGAN. 

Since the new inputs are 4-channel in X domain, we design the neural network of both encoder and decoder to adapt respectively these 4-to-3 and 3-to-4 channel transformations.

The forward cycle-consistent loss function is above the line.

***
### Security

![slide11]
This figure shows the restoration performed by an unauthorized party. 

**Adversary 1** trains a secGAN by using the same training dataset, the same network structure, and the same settings. The only difference between the adversary and the normal one is the key used in the training procedure. As shown in the ﬁgure, adversary 1 cannot restore the pre-transformation image. 

**Adversary 2** feeds the X-domain images into the encoder of the normal secGAN and collects the transformed results. He trains a CycleGAN, which uses ResNet50 as its encoder and decoder, with the data collection. Please note that ResNet50 is a network more powerful than the network we used. As shown in the ﬁgure, adversary 2 also cannot restore the pre-transformation image. 

By designing these two attacks, we demonstrate the secGAN’s ability to protect the conﬁdentiality of pre-transformation data.

***
### Example Application

![slide12]

Here we implement an example application to show how the secGAN is trained and deployed. The high-level workﬂow of secGAN is illustrated in this figure.

Let us say Alice wants to use secGAN for a security-oriented transformation. The left side is the training procedure of secGAN for Alice, which provides its unique device-associated key<sub>a</sub>.

1. We produce the Y-domain training data with the non-photorealistic style translator. 
2. We train the secGAN with the X-domain data, the Y-domain data, and the key<sub>a</sub>.
3. During using, the Camera Alice takes the original inputs and the key<sub>a</sub> as input can generated the target-style videos.
4. 
Please note that there is another component introduced for building the whole application, which is the non-photorealistic style component.

![slide13]

The non-photorealistic style translator that is responsible for generating the paired training data (Y domain) of original video data (X domain). 

Here we borrow research results from the non-photorealistic rendering ﬁeld, where there are many style translation methods.

We reduce the number of colors in a video frame by utilizing the bilateral ﬁlter, which is a non-linear, edge-preserving, and noise-reducing smoothing ﬁlter for images. 

We perform the typical image segmentation. By segmenting the image that has been smoothed in Step one, we can quickly locate the outline and edges of the object. 

The segmented components will be recolored with the average color of the input image's corresponding area.

**Please note that you can prepare the dataset with any other style for completing different tasks.**

***
### Performance

![slide14]

Here are some discussion of system performance, this part does not appear in our paper, but will be discussed and fully evaluated in our follow-up work. 

Currently secGAN can run at 40fps on some development boards, such as GPU-enabled Qualcomm 845.

In the future, we will optimize the network architecture, so that secGAN can run on more low-end IoVT devices.

***
### Examples

![slide15]

Here are some image examples, for more video examples, please visit our [website][website].

[website]: https://sites.google.com/view/secgan 


![slide16]

That’s all. Thanks!

[slide1]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide1.jpeg 
[slide2]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide2.jpeg 
[slide3]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide3.jpeg 
[slide4]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide4.jpeg 
[slide5]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide5.jpeg 
[slide6]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide6.jpeg 
[slide7]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide7.jpeg 
[slide8]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide8.jpeg 
[slide9]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide9.jpeg 
[slide10]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide10.jpeg 
[slide11]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide11.jpeg 
[slide12]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide12.jpeg 
[slide13]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide13.jpeg 
[slide14]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide14.jpeg 
[slide15]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide15.jpeg 
[slide16]: /assets/img/secGAN/Slide16.jpeg 